[FEAT] Explicit error message when using too old TypeScript versions (#2272)
process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-js: docs/contributors/supported-typescript-version.md

# Supported TypeScript version

`bpmn-visualization` uses a recent TypeScript version internally but projects integrating `bpmn-visualization` can use older TypeScript versions.

The oldest supported version of TypeScript is enforced by a specific configuration in the `package.json`. This lets projects using non-supported
TypeScript versions to get a convenient error message.

This oldest version is also verified by automatic tests located in the `test/typescript-support` directory.

> They consist on a project that imports `bpmn-visualization` with the oldest supported version of TypeScript. The TypeScript compilation of this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They consist of a project that imports `bpmn-visualization` with the oldest supported version of TypeScript. The TypeScript compilation of this
```

project must pass. This is what ensures that the minimal versions of TypeScript that `bpmn-visualization` declares as functional actually work.

> ## Choosing the oldest supported version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Choose the oldest supported version
```

Choose wisely as it may prevent projects from integrating `bpmn-visualization` if a too recent TypeScript version is required.

For more details, see the following issues
* [Document the lowest TypeScript version supported by bpmn-visualization](https://github.com/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-js/issues/2246)
* [Downlevel the lowest TS version needed to integrate bpmn-visualization](https://github.com/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-js/issues/2252)

> ## Changing the oldest TypeScript version that is supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Modify the oldest supported version of TypeScript
```

The README file mentions the oldest supported version of TypeScript. Update the README with the new value.

> Update the `typesVersions` attribute in the `package.json` file. This attribute is central

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the `typesVersions` attribute in the `package.json` file. This attribute is central.
```

Run the automatic tests from the `test/typescript-support` directory: `npm test`. They should fail as they are currently using a too old TypeScript version.

> Update the TypeScript version in the `package.json` file and rerun the tests. They must now pass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the TypeScript version in the `package.json` file and run the tests again. They should now succeed.
```
